annot: Prepare some washed chicken wingettes
ACTID: 0
PRED: prepare
[DOBJ, food] some washed chicken wingettes (-1)
annot: coat in lori season salt
ACTID: 1
PRED: coat
[DOBJ, food] (0)
[PP, food, in] lori season salt (-1)
annot: Add 1 cup flour in a large bowl
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] 1 cup flour (-1)
[PP, location, in] a large bowl (-1)
annot: Add paprika, black pepper, cayenne pepper and sea salt
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] paprika (-1), black pepper (-1), cayenne pepper (-1), sea salt (-1)
[PP, food, ] (2)
annot: mix them
ACTID: 4
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] them (3)
annot: Put the mixture and chicken wings in a bag
ACTID: 5
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] the mixture (4), chicken wings (1)
[PP, location, in] a bag (-1)
annot: shake to coat the chicken well
ACTID: 6
PRED: shake
[DOBJ, food] (5)
[PP, other, to] coat the chicken well (-1)
annot: Cover the chicken
ACTID: 7
PRED: cover
[DOBJ, food] the chicken (6)
annot: put in the fridge for 30 minutes
ACTID: 8
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] (7)
[PP, location, in] the fridge for 30 minutes (-1)
annot: Add butter, hot sauce, pepper, garlic powder, melted butter
ACTID: 9
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] butter (-1), hot sauce (-1), pepper (-1), garlic powder (-1), melted butter (-1)
annot: mix well
ACTID: 10
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] (9)
annot: Add celery flakes and parsley
ACTID: 11
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] celery flakes (-1), parsley (-1)
[PP, food, ] (10)
annot: stir
ACTID: 12
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] (11)
annot: Fry the chicken in oil;
ACTID: 13
PRED: fry
[DOBJ, food] the chicken (8)
[PP, food, in] oil (-1)
annot: pour the sauce to coat the chicken well
ACTID: 14
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] the sauce (12)
[PP, food, to] coat the chicken (13)
annot: Put the chicken on plate to serve
ACTID: 15
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] the chicken (14)
[PP, location, on] plate (-1)